This is it for this module.
We had a thorough look at NgModules, what they do, which different types of modules we have and when
to use them.
We also had a look at routing in these modules and at lazy loading, to optimize our initial bundled
size.
You learned about services and modules and what's special about them and that you can also set up
preloading to optimize lazy loading even more.
And now last but not least, we had a look at ahead of time compilation which is another important optimization
technique you want to use before shipping your app to a server.
Now speaking of that, in the next module, we'll do just that. We'll deploy our Angular app onto a server.